feat!: Replace Jupyter file-shares with generic project level volumes (#2230)
DSD-DBS/capella-collab-manager: docs/docs/user/projects/volumes.md

<!--
 ~ SPDX-FileCopyrightText: Copyright DB InfraGO AG and contributors
 ~ SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0
 -->

# Project Volumes

Project volumes provide a limited workspace for sharing files between members
of a project. They are mounted into all sessions of the project members.

## Manage a Volume

Project administrators can create and delete volumes in a project.

## Access a Volume

Volumes are mounted into all sessions of the project members. You can access
the volume under `/shared/<project-slug>`.

The permissions are derived with the following rules:

**Persistent sessions without provisioning:**

> All shared volumes of projects are mounted according to the users or tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All shared volumes of projects are mounted according to the user's or token's
```
